Update User Guide - User Session plugin (#11115)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/user-session.md

# User Session

*******************

This extension allows users to manage their **User Session** directly within a MapStore viewer.
The user can access this functionality by clicking the <img src="../img/button/user-session-button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button, located in the [Side Toolbar](mapstore-toolbars.md#side-toolbar).

<img src="../img/user-session/user-session-panel.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

> When the User Session panel is opened, all options are selected by default. So through the <img src="../img/button/yes-button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button the user can to restore the original map or context configuration by removing any temporary changes made during the session. An example can be the following one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the User Session panel is opened, all options are selected by default. So through the <img src="../img/button/yes-button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button the user can to restore the original map or context state by removing any temporary changes made during the current or previous user sessions. An example can be the following one:
```

<video class="ms-docimage" controls><source src="../img/user-session/clear-user-session.mp4"/></video>

> Or the user can select what he wants to remove from the session and unselect what he wants to preserve and save the configuration through the <img src="../img/button/yes-button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button. An example can be the following one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In alternative the user can always selectively remove what desired from the session and preserve the rest. An example can be the following one:
```
